Salt SSH parallel_threads (#612)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/contact-methods-saltssh.adoc

The taskomatic job periodically checks for scheduled actions and executes them.
Unlike Push via SSH on traditional clients, the Push via Salt SSH feature executes a complete [command]``salt-ssh`` call based on the scheduled action.

> By default there's a limit of ``20`` Salt SSH actions that can be executed in parallel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, twenty Salt SSH actions can be executed at a time.
```

You can increase the number of actions that can be executed in parallel, by adding these lines to your configuration file, and adjusting the ``N`` value upwards.
We recommend you keep the number of parallel actions low, to avoid problems:

----
taskomatic.com.redhat.rhn.taskomatic.task.SSHMinionActionExecutor.parallel_threads = N

> org.quartz.threadPool.threadCount = <N + 20>

Reviewer 2: I do not understand this expression

Reviewer: I interpreted it as "increase the current number by 20", but it would be nice to have this expressed a little more clearly.
